{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1031{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 MS Sans Serif;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sl276\slmult1\b\f0\fs17 These are some basic instructions for CustomizeMii.\b0\par
\par
\cf1 At the very beginning, let me say this again: Don't install any WADs without a proper brick protection!\cf0\par
\par
Ok, so you want to create your own custom channels?\par
First it is important to understand how the creation of a custom channel with CustomizeMii works.\par
Skip this if you already know.\par
\par
Basically, you can't create a channel from scratch. Well, you could, but not with this application.\par
You need a base WAD which you can modify. You can either download one within this application or use\par
any WAD (must be a channel of course) from anywhere.\par
You can then edit the WAD file.\par
The editing of animations is for advanced users, so if you're not familiar with brlyt's and brlan's\par
(I guess you're not unless you created your own animations), get a static base WAD or one with the\par
animation you want.\par
\par
So, let's start to create a channel. Download a base WAD through the application or load one from your HDD.\par
You can preview the downloadable WADs through the preview button.\par
All options below are optional!\par
\par
\par
\par
\b MIXING BANNER, ICON AND SOUND\b0\par
\par
The options below the downloadable base WADs are the "replace" options.\par
Let's say you have loaded WAD A as a base, but you want the icon of WAD B and you have a 00000000.app that\par
contains a sound that you want to use.\par
No problem! Just use the dropdownbox which yet says "Banner" and choose "Icon". Click on the browse button\par
next to it and choose WAD B. The icon of WAD B will replace the icon of WAD A.\par
After that, choose "Sound" from the dropdownbox and browse for the 00000000.app, the sound.bin will be\par
extracted and used instead of the one within WAD A.\par
\par
Note: These features are non-destructive, i.e. you can always use the clear button to get back to the\par
banner/icon/sound of WAD A!\par
\par
\par
\par
\b CHANNEL INFORMATION\b0\par
\par
You may want to change the channel information, i.e. the title and ID.\par
Let's change the channel title first. It's the text that will be displayed when you hold your cursor\par
over the channel. Goto the "Title" tab and fill a title for all languages. If you want to change the\par
title for a specific language, just use the language's textbox. If you want a different title for every\par
language, you don't need to fill in a title for all languages.\par
Now, the title ID. Open the "Options" tab and you'll see a textbox for the ID. The ID is 4 characters long\par
and only contains letters and numerics. Lower case letters will automatically converted to upper case.\par
Change it to a unique(!) ID, because channels will overwrite existing channles with the same ID!\par
\par
I recommend not to use any title ID beginning with the following characters, because official channels\par
use these and thus your channel may overwrite them:\par
C, E, F, H, J, L, M, N, P, Q, W\par
\par
\par
\par
\b INSERTING A NEW DOL\b0\par
\par
Let's bring some life into the channel. In the "Options" tab, use the browse button for a new DOL.\par
Either load a forwarder, the DOL of any application or a WAD to use it's DOL. Note that some applications\par
require more than just a DOL and thus may not work in a channel (e.g. MPlayer CE).\par
Choose a NAND loader or just stick with the one selected (both will do fine).\par
\par
You can also use the built-in forwarder creation by using the forwarder button right below the browse button\par
for DOLs.\par
You need the ForwardMii.dll in order to use the forwarder creation.\par
\par
\par
\par
\b INSERTING A NEW SOUND\b0\par
\par
For the sound, you can either use a wave or mp3 (needs lame.exe) file or the sound replace function to use\par
the sound of an existing sound.bin/00000000.app/WAD.\par
If you want looped sound, open your wave file with wavosaur and add loop points before.\par
\par
To save space, you can convert your wav or mp3 files to BNS. You can take the loop from a prelooped wave file\par
or enter the loop start point manually. Wave files must be 16bit PCM.\par
It is possible to directly convert stereo Wave files to mono BNS files, note that only the left channel of\par
the Wave will be taken.\par
\par
\par
\par
\b EDITING THE BANNER/ICON (If you're an advanced user and want to edit the brlyt/brlan, do that first!)\b0\par
\par
So, let's begin with the real customization. I will only talk about the banner here, the instructions\par
are the same for the icon.\par
Goto the "Banner" tab. You shouldn't touch the add and remove buttons, they're for advanced users that\par
change the animation. (However, they can't really harm your channel, as CustomizeMii will check for missing\par
and unneeded TPLs while creating a WAD).\par
You will see a list with all TPLs inside the banner.bin. When you select a TPL,\par
it's current format will be shown in the "Format" dropdownbox. Note that CustomizeMii can read 8 different\par
TPL formats, but only write 3 (RGBA8, RGB565 and RGB5A3), that should be enough for your needs.\par
You can use the preview button to preview a TPL (obvious, right?), but you get one more important info,\par
the image size. It will be shown in the title of the preview window. If your images aren't the same size,\par
they will be resized! So be sure to have at least the correct aspect ratio, so your images wont be\par
squeezed or whatever.\par
Before replacing the image, choose a format from the dropdownbox.\par
(RGBA8 = High Quality, Big Size --- RGB565 = Moderate Quality, Small Size --- RGB5A3 = Bad Quality, Small Size)\par
Now you can use the replace button to insert your image. Preview the TPL after replacing to check the\par
image. Maybe you want to use another format though? No problem, just replace the TPL again.\par
\par
Note: You can use the "Make Transparent" checkbox to make a TPL transparent, e.g. if you don't like\par
one piece of an animation (It's non-destructive, i.e. you can always uncheck the box).\par
\par
\par
\par
\b EDITING THE ANIMATION (Advanced users only!)\b0\par
\par
Skip this part, if you don't really know what brlyt and brlan files are and how they're structured.\par
Goto the "Layout" tab. You will see the banner.brlyt and icon.brlyt there.\par
Above the buttons is a text that will indicate whether you're doing actions on the "Banner" or\par
the "Icon" (When you select the banner.brlyt, you're editing the "Banner" and vice versa).\par
Now, just replace the banner.brlyt and icon.brlyt files as you want. You can use the list TPLs button\par
afterwards to see all TPLs that are required by the banner.brlyt/icon.brlyt (Don't worry, CustomizeMii\par
won't let you create a WAD, if you forgot a required TPL).\par
Now, goto the "Animation" tab. It's similar to the "Layout" tab. You shouldn't touch the add or delete button\par
unless your base WAD only has a banner.brlan and you want to use a banner_Start.brlan and banner_Loop.brlan.\par
In this case, first add the two files and then delete the old banner.brlan.\par
Else just replace the files with yours. Be absolutely sure the your brlan files only refer to panes that are\par
indicated in your brlyt files!\par
That's it, here's nothing left to do.\par
\par
\par
\par
\b CREATING THE WAD\b0\par
\par
Well, your channel should be ready to be created.\par
Goto the "Options" tab and check the Lz77 checkbox, if you want to compress your channel to safe some Wii memory.\par
If your channel doesn't work, first try it again without compression.\par
Now just click on the create WAD button (The big one with the different text each startup).\par
CustomizeMii will do some failure checks and if all went fine, a save dialog will pop up.\par
If you get an error or warning, read the message carefully. It should give you enough information to fix\par
the problem yourself.\par
\par
So, if you got down to here, you're done by now. Please, if you find any bugs or have suggestions, take some\par
seconds to report them at the issue tracker: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://code.google.com/p/customizemii/issues/list"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2 http://code.google.com/p/customizemii/issues/list}}}\lang7\i\f0\fs17\par
}
 