#summary The Readme of CustomizeMii
#labels Featured

*CustomizeMii* is a custom channel creator for the Wii.<br>
The .NET Framework 2.0 is required to run this application!<br>
<br>
For any further information, see: http://customizemii.googlecode.com<br>
Please use the Issue Tracker there to report any occuring bugs.<br>
<br>
Thanks to icefire / Xuzz for the basic idea of this Application!<br>
<br>
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
==Changelog:==

===Version 2.2===
	* Fixed some bugs with the preview window
	* Fixed Complex Forwarder in combination with Waninkoko's NAND Loader
	* Fixed saving of base WADs
	* Fixed saving of WAD after sending it to the Wii
	* Fixed CMP TPL code (thanks pbsds)
	* Added conversion to IA8 (thanks pbsds), IA4, I8 and I4
	* Fixed conversion from IA8 and I4
	* Fixed some general TPL bugs (format detection, ...)
	* Added additional paths to the Complex Forwarder (max. 16)

===Version 2.1===
	* Added CustomizeMii Installer (by WiiCrazy / I.R.on)
	* Fixed rough edges (artifacts) on images (will be fixed automatically)
	* Replaced the TPL preview window with the one from ShowMiiWads for easier handling
	* Added loop prelistening to the BNS conversion window (only for wave files)
	* Added drag & drop ability cause the file dialogs kept bothering me
	* Improvement in startup speed (thanks shadow1643)
	* Added creation/last edited time (only for CustomizeMii 2.1+ channels)
	* Added a button to translate the word "Channel" to every language
	* Improved detection of required TPLs
	* Little improvements and fixes
	* Changed the complex forwarder to be more configurable (choose any path you want)
	* ForwardMii is now bundled with CustomizeMii

===Version 2.01===
	* Base WAD downloading works again
	
===Version 2.0===
	* Added BNS conversion (Mono and Stereo, with and without loop)
	* Fixed MP3 conversion (some files didn't convert)
	* Lz77 checkbox is now ticked by default
	* Removed Lz77 compression of sound.bin as most sounds will get bigger
	* Added ability to insert DOLs from any channel WAD
	* Added ability to re-add the interal DOL (To switch the NAND Loader)
	* Added ability to extract the contents, DOL, sound and all images
	* Added displaying of approx. blocks to the success-message
	* Deleted some functions of the complex forwarder as they weren't working properly
	* Some bugfixes and improvements

===Version 1.2===
	* Fixed writing/reading of channel titles, so japanese characters will work now
	* Added checkbox (Options tab) to turn security checks off
	* Added built-in forwarder creator (Needs the ForwardMii.dll which is separately avaiable)
	* You can choose MP3 files as channel sound (Needs lame.exe in application directory)
	* Bugfixes

===Version 1.1===
	* Note: License upgraded to GNU GPL v3!
	* Sound is working now
	* Added brlan and brlyt tabs (for advanced users)
	* Added displaying of image width and height in preview window
	* Added "Make Transparent" checkbox for TPLs
	* Fixed IA8 previewing / extracting
	* Improved bricksafety (hopefully!)
	* Added Tooltips
	* Added update check at startup
	* Wrote basic instructions (see Instructions.txt or help tab)

===Version 1.0===
	* Initial Release
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<br>
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
==Disclaimer:==

Editing WAD files can result in a brick of your Wii.<br>
Only use this application if you have a bricksafe Wii, meaning either Preloader or<br>
BootMii/boot2 is installed, and if you know what you're doing.<br>
<br>
This application comes without any express or implied warranty.<br>
The author can't be held responsible for any damages arising from the use of it.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<br>
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
==Thanks:==

Xuzz for his idea and hard work<br>
WiiCrazy / I.R.on for CustomizeMii Installer<br>
Xuzz, SquidMan, megazig, Matt_P, Omega and The Lemon Man for Wii.py<br>
SquidMan for Zetsubou<br>
Andre Perrot for gbalzss<br>
comex and Waninkoko for both their NAND Loader<br>
djdynamite123 for the forwarder base files<br>
The USB Loader GX Team for their forwarder source
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<br>
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
==License:==

Copyright (C) 2009 Leathl<br>
<br>
CustomizeMii is free software: you can redistribute it and/or<br>
modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published<br>
by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or<br>
(at your option) any later version.<br>
<br>
CustomizeMii is distributed in the hope that it will be<br>
useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty<br>
of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the<br>
GNU General Public License for more details.<br>
<br>
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License<br>
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------